content/tools/page-tool45.0.md, before:

---
title: "DC Department of Energy and Environment Data & Maps"
description: "Provides information on how DC is tackling environmental and climate issues"
date: 2022-03-09T16:02:05-0500
pubtype: "Tool"
featured: true
tags: ["Real-time/Current", "Climate projections", "Jursidiction based", "City level", "Website", "Program", "Dataset", "Downloadable data", "Downloadable results"]
pageImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_250_400/TOOLID_45.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
thumbImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_156_250/TOOLID_45.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
---
Developed By: DCDOEE

**Summary:** Tool that includes SRC Trading Program Impervious Viewer, Targeted Subwatersheds, Solar System, DC Green Infrastructure Practices in the District, and DC Flood Risk 

__**Get This Tool:**__ https://doee.dc.gov/service/environmental-data-maps


__**Geographic Coverage**__
- Washington, DC

__**Tags**__
-  Real-time/Current
-  Climate projections
-  Jursidiction based
-  City level
-  Website
-  Program
-  Dataset
-  Downloadable data
-  Downloadable results

__**Cost**__
- Free

__**Skill Level**__
- Low

Commit message:

add airNow/ cultral resources; split i-tree; update glossary

content/tools/page-tool45.0.md, after:

---
title: "DC Department of Energy and Environment Data & Maps"
description: "Provides information on how DC is tackling environmental and climate issues"
date: 2022-05-19T11:52:36-0400
pubtype: "Tool"
featured: true
tags: ["Real-time/Current", "Climate projections", "Jursidiction based", "City level", "Website", "Program", "Dataset", "Downloadable data", "Downloadable results"]
pageImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_250_400/TOOLID_45.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
thumbImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_156_250/TOOLID_45.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
---
Developed By: DCDOEE

**Summary:** Tool that provides realtime air and water quality data, environmental maps, and a variety of climate related resources for researchers and residents. Environmental maps include links to the SRC Trading Program Impervious Viewer, Targeted Subwatersheds, Solar System, DC Green Infrastructure Practices in the District, DC Flood Risk, and more.

__**Get This Tool:**__ https://doee.dc.gov/service/environmental-data-maps


__**Geographic Coverage**__
- Washington, DC

__**Tags**__
-  Real-time/Current
-  Climate projections
-  Jursidiction based
-  City level
-  Website
-  Program
-  Dataset
-  Downloadable data
-  Downloadable results

__**Cost**__
- Free

__**Skill Level**__
- Low
