content/tools/page-tool9.0.md, before:

---
title: "USGS Exploration and Graphics for RivEr Trends (EGRET)"
description: "R package for evaluating changes in river conditions"
date: 2021-03-01T15:05:10-0500
pubtype: "Tool"
featured: true
tags: ["Welcome guide pdf", "Sample code provided", "Additional resources for locating data provided", "Support for trouble-shooting available"]
pageImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_250_400/TOOLID_9.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
thumbImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_156_250/TOOLID_9.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
---
Developed By: USGS

**Summary:** The Exploration and Graphics RivEr Trends (EGRET) is an R package for the analysis of hydrologic data concerning long-term changes in rivers, river flows, and river quality.

EGRET is an tool for advanced users who have experience working with the software R. After downloading EGRET, users can conduct exploratory analyses about water quality and discharge across long-term averages, variability patterns, and temporal trends. The software enables users to acquire data records, process data for analysis, and display findings through various graphical techniques such as plots and graphs. The software accepts data from several government agencies, including US Geological Survey and Environmental Protection Agency, but the dataRetrieval package is required in order to access the data from government agencies. Users can also import their own data through a comma-separated file. Basic information about how to use EGRET and dataRetrieval are available as pdf documents.

__**Get This Tool:**__ https://www.usgs.gov/software/exploration-and-graphics-river-trends-egret

__**Geographic Coverage**__
- Applicable Anywhere

__**Strengths**__
-  Welcome guide pdf
-  Sample code provided
-  Additional resources for locating data provided
-  Support for trouble-shooting available

__**Cost**__
- Free

__**Skill Level**__
- High

Commit message:

Update tags, excel sheet, and clean R code

content/tools/page-tool9.0.md, after:

---
title: "USGS Exploration and Graphics for RivEr Trends (EGRET)"
description: "R package for evaluating changes in river conditions "
date: 2022-02-08T11:30:44-0500
pubtype: "Tool"
featured: true
tags: ["Free", "Open source", "Historical ", "Real-time/Current", "Location specific", "Application", "Downloadable data", "Downloadable results"]
pageImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_250_400/TOOLID_9.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
thumbImage: https://cbtooltest.marisa.psu.edu/images/scaled_156_250/TOOLID_9.0_ScreenCapture-1.png
---
Developed By: USGS

**Summary:** The Exploration and Graphics RivEr Trends (EGRET) is an R package for the analysis of hydrologic data concerning long-term changes in rivers, river flows, and river quality.

EGRET is an tool for advanced users who have experience working with the software R. After downloading EGRET, users can conduct exploratory analyses about water quality and discharge across long-term averages, variability patterns, and temporal trends. The software enables users to acquire data records, process data for analysis, and display findings through various graphical techniques such as plots and graphs. The software accepts data from several government agencies, including US Geological Survey and Environmental Protection Agency, but the dataRetrieval package is required in order to access the data from government agencies. Users can also import their own data through a comma-separated file. Basic information about how to use EGRET and dataRetrieval are available as pdf documents. 

__**Get This Tool:**__ http://usgs-r.github.io/EGRET/

__**Geographic Coverage**__
- Applicable Anywhere

__**Tags**__
-  Free
-  Open source
-  Historical 
-  Real-time/Current
-  Location specific
-  Application
-  Downloadable data
-  Downloadable results

__**Cost**__
- Free

__**Skill Level**__
- High
